pybind/mgr/progress: disable pg recovery event by default (#44588)
ceph/ceph: doc/mgr/progress.rst

.. prompt:: bash #

  ceph progress clear

PG Recovery Event
-----------------

> A PG recovery event can be shown in `ceph progress` This is completely optional, and disabled by default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An event for each PG affected by recovery can be shown in `ceph progress` This is completely optional, and disabled by default due to CPU overhead:
```
